[skip ci] Update documentation of supported php versions (#7822)
php/php-src: CONTRIBUTING.md

supported branch of PHP that the bug affects (only green branches on
[the supported version page](https://www.php.net/supported-versions.php) are
supported). For example, at the time of writing, the lowest supported version is

> PHP 7.4, which corresponds to the `PHP-7.4` branch in Git. Please also make sure

Reviewer: Maybe better
```suggestion
PHP 8.0, which corresponds to the `PHP-8.0` branch in Git. Please also make sure
```
I think that matches the original intention.
